capital = 1300
primary_culture = indo_aryan
religion = hindu
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.12
civilized = no

prestige = 38
	foreign_training = foreign_training_one
	military_constructions = military_constructions_one
	foreign_officers = foreign_officers_one
	army_schools = army_schools_one
	foreign_navies = yes_foreign_navies
	naval_schools = yes_naval_schools

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/HND_oob.txt"
}

slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

oob = "VAK_oob.txt"
ruling_party = HND_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 11
	conservative = 73
	reactionary = 16
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}