#Atacama Region (1640) #see Peru.txt for balance of Region
#Ruled by Bolivia 18
#Antofagasta (800/200 POPS)
2305 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 14
    }

    bureaucrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    officers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 13
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 234
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 20
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 381
    }
}
#Calama (320/80 POPS)
2309 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 87
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 8
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 159
    }
}
#Ruled by Peru 18
#Iquique (320/80 POPS)
2307 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 3
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 56
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 10
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 189
    }
}
#Arica (200/50 POPS)
2308 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 25
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 6
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 126
    }
}
#Chile Norte Region (1160)
#Ruled by Chile 18
#Copiapo (520/130 POPS)
2322 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 9
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 22
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 402
    }
}
#La Serena (640/160 POPS)
2323 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 11
    }

    bureaucrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    officers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 27
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 491
    }
}
#Valle Central Region (6400)
#Ruled by Chile 18
#Santiago (4200/1050 POPS)
2324 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 74
    }

    bureaucrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 10
    }

    officers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 35
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 340
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 255
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 136
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2712
    }
}
#Valparaiso (1280/320 POPS)
2325 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 22
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 11
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 340
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 68
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 37
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 612
    }
}
#Vina del Mar (720/180 POPS)
2326 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 12
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 30
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 37
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 528
    }
}
#Talca (200/50 POPS)
2327 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 8
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 153
    }
}
#Bio-Bio Region (2320)
#Ruled by Chile 18
#Valdivia (920/230 POPS)
2328 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 11
    }

    bureaucrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    officers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 28
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 37
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 494
    }

    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 3
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 10
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 186
    }
}
#Temuco (360/90 POPS)
2329 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 8
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 153
    }

    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 6
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 123
    }
}
#Cauquenes (680/170 POPS)
2330 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 11
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 28
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 37
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 498
    }
}
#Chillan (360/90 POPS)
2331 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 11
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 215
    }

    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 3
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 61
    }
}
#Magellanes Region (920)
#Ruled by Chile 18
#Osorno (680/170 POPS)
2332 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 9
    }

    bureaucrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    officers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 22
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 4
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 401
    }

    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 6
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 122
    }
}
#uncolonized/claimed by Chile 18
#Puerto Aisen (120/30 POPS)
2333 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 2
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 5
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 91
    }
}
#Punta Arenas (80/20 POPS)
2334 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 3
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 61
    }
}
#Porvenir (40/10 POPS)
2335 = {
    aristocrats = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    clergymen = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    artisans = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 1
    }

    soldiers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 0
    }

    farmers = {
culture = south_andean
religion = animist
        size = 30
    }
}
