#file includes modern Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei
#Malaya Region (195200)
#Ruled By Britain 459
#Singapore (9000/2250 POPS)
1384 = {
    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 612
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 62
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 1175
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = dravidian
        religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }
}
#Malacca (13200/3300 POPS)
1386 = {
    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 362
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 375
    }

    aristocrats = {
        culture = british
religion = arian
        size = 43
    }

    bureaucrats = {
        culture = british
religion = arian
        size = 6
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 25
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 25
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 2325
    }
}
#Penang (21000/5250 POPS)
1388 = {
    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 968
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 518
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 37
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 187
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 50
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 3475
    }
}
#Under Malay Rule 459 (81000)
#Johor Bahru (27000/6750 POPS)
1385 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 62
    }

    bureaucrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 31
    }

    officers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 62
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 312
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 5512
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 362
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }
}
#Kuala Lumpur (17000/4250 POPS)
1387 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 37
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 37
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 187
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }

    labourers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 3237
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 237
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }
}
#Kuantan (8000/2000 POPS)
1390 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 100
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    labourers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 1843
    }
}
#Ipoh (29000/7250 POPS)
2575 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 75
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 75
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 375
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }

    labourers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6475
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 231
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 500
    }
}
#under Overlordship of Siam 459 (71000)
#Alor Setar (29000/7250 POPS)
1389 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 75
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 75
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 337
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 62
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6200
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 237
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }
}
#Kota Bharu (42000/10500 POPS)
1391 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 100
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 106
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 500
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 87
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 9206
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 237
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = thai
        religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }
}
#Northern Borneo Region (63000)
#Under the Rule of Brunei in 459 (53000)
#Brunei (6000/1500 POPS)
1393 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    bureaucrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    officers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 75
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 1356
    }
}
#Kuching (22000/5500 POPS)
1394 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 25
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 25
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 275
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 2075
    }

    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 31
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 25
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 131
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 31
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 2531
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 118
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }
}
#Bintulu (11000/2750 POPS)
1395 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 37
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 681
    }

    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 25
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 18
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 87
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 25
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 1843
    }
}
#Api (14000/3500 POPS)
1396 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 12
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 62
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 18
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 1393
    }

    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 87
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 18
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 1606
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 125
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = hindu
        size = 118
    }
}
#Under the Rule of Sulu in 459 (10000)
#Sandakan (10000/2500 POPS)
1397 = {
    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 18
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 18
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 75
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 18
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
        religion = animist
        size = 1618
    }

    aristocrats = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    clergymen = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 12
    }

    artisans = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 37
    }

    soldiers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 6
    }

    farmers = {
        culture = malay
religion = hindu
        size = 687
    }
}
